Under such an offensive from Mo'er
This kid can still not fall behind
I have some skills
They can be caught from
Not yet Mo'er's opponent
You're a good disciple
And if it's not for self-cultivation, I can't last 10 tricks
You think there is only a small difference between the seventh and eighth layers.
The realm is unknown in my pre-sale sect
Even Jin Gujing
Only three or more can defeat Mo'er
Within ten strokes
Apprentice must
speak out
I heard that Liyuan
It will devalue your original text to the point where there is no residue left.
I just insulted Yuan Men for Liyuan
What do you mean?
The so-called crazy people have their own gods
You Xu are naturally such a wonderful person
To believe such ridiculous words
Of course I don't believe it.
So I'm in him you mean he can beat Liyuan
Yes, exactly.
Ocean end this battle quickly
Yan Tian is now waiting for your help
That's over
Hahahaha
I didn't expect it.
The little baby is quite brave, eh?
Yan Tianxian
I'm going to ask you one last time.
Are you really unwilling to spend the night with me?
The party is stubborn
Then you die with your stubbornness